Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Briana butler: Can you hear me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yes. Can you hear me yeah okay great so welcome.
Briana butler: Hi.
Briana butler: How are you doing today, I'm good, how are you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Good. Um, so I
Let me pull up your chart, real quick.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So while that's loading up, let me just tell you a little bit about me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I am a nurse practitioner. Um, I live currently in Arizona, but I used to live there in Ohio, but I'm still licensed in Ohio, but I've been seeing patients who telemedicine for about a year now and have been seeing patients with addiction issues for about three years. So
Jill Beavers-Kirby: This is your my second patient with this company. So I'm still trying to feel my way around some of the computer issues so
Briana butler: I'm fine.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But I promise, things will get better in the future. Sierra
Briana butler: Chart is up yet.
Let me reload my screen here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So can you just tell me a little bit about yourself.
Briana butler: Um, I got a problem for a long time and I did inpatient, it didn't work, Ed, but I've been doing an outpatient program before this and I stayed clean for two and a half years. So great work good
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what was your drug that you were using
Briana butler: Heroin a mess.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so when I'm. When did you do the outpatient
Briana butler: I was Justin like less than a month ago was my last that but they stopped taking my primary insurance. So it was like 270 a month and I have two kids and there's just no way
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Um, so you have you been on Suboxone them.
Briana butler: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, what is your Suboxone dose.
Briana butler: She had me on today.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: pills or tablets.
Pills.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So we taking them.
Briana butler: Okay, how many like things on a mount like one in the morning, one in the afternoon, one in the evening. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And did that work for you.
Briana butler: Yeah, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you having any problems with the Suboxone like constipation, anything like that. No.
Briana butler: No. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, do you take other in this information might be in the computer. But like I said, I'm still trying to figure this out.
Briana butler: So do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You take any other medicines.
Briana butler: gabapentin
Briana butler: Wellbutrin and be 12
Briana butler: And then I have the next one version control the bar inside my own
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is the pills are you get a shot.
Pills.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What's your dosa gabapentin
Briana butler: Three eight hundreds, a day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what did he take that for
Briana butler: They put me on it because of anxiety and like addiction issues.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So how long have you been on that then
Briana butler: They put me on an inpatient rehab. So maybe like a year.
Briana butler: Years.
Briana butler: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have any problems with that. A lot of times people will have like swelling or they fluid retention their ankles get puffy with it. You have any problems.
Briana butler: Like that, with it. Okay, no side effects. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what's your there's a web, your turn.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What's your dose of Wellbutrin
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me. Oh.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Brianna.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Brianna. Can you hear me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay.
Briana butler: Alright, can you hear me now.
Briana butler: Yes. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Much better.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so how much, what is your dose of Wellbutrin you know
Briana butler: I'm 150 milligrams a day. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And is that for depression.
Yeah.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What pharmacy. Are you using right now.
Briana butler: I'm Hillsborough CBS
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. How old are your kids. I hear him there in the background.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: 310 so you're not bought it. Does that the schools are closed isn't bothering you. Is it because
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're used to being home.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's crazy, isn't it, what's going on.
Briana butler: I know everything is shut down here. I mean, McDonald's, you name it. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what are you doing for counseling or therapy or
Briana butler: I was
Briana butler: The place that I was going to. I didn't do any because I was there for so long.
Briana butler: He said in the State of Ohio, if you're playing for 12 months or more. I guess it's your choice, basically. Um, but I would like to start doing something
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, did they tell you that they offer counseling through here.
Briana butler: And there are you okay
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A lot of people like it. It's just like this, you know, meeting over the phone with a camera so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you do a drug screen today. No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: When's the last time you had a urine drug screen.
Briana butler: And she told me to do it within seven days after my appointment that they were going to try to find a health quest close to me. And if they couldn't do my local hospital.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, alright.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That sounds good. Um, what questions do you have for me.
Briana butler: None that I can think of right now, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm just any problems with anxiety with everything going on or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No.
Briana butler: Not really. Okay. All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just turn you know trying to manage everything with the pandemic trying to, you know, you're seeing a new provider. So it's winter in Ohio. So I didn't know if that was causing any problems or not so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, well, if you have any questions or concerns for me. Um, you know, you can contact us or contact me through the, through the website there and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I will go ahead and send when is your. When did you do, you know what, how many pills you have left.
Briana butler: Oh no, I've been out for close to a month.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You've been off for close to a month.
Briana butler: Well, it's been about
Briana butler: It hasn't been quite a month. It's been a month since I seen her and she gave me a two week trip so about two weeks week
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You want to go back to three tablets, a day, or do you want to try to do two tablets a day.
Briana butler: The two tablets, a day, honest, it's just, it seems like it's just not enough.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No, no problem.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, so go ahead and send them for three days and we'll go from there.
Briana butler: Okay, thank you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Thank you. Have a great afternoon.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You too. All right. Bye bye.